# APRIL 29, 2021 PATCH NOTES

## GUNFIGHT TOURNAMENT, DIESEL 24/7 + MORE
Today’s update brings a new week of Gunfight Tournaments with more exclusive rewards to earn by winning your way through the bracket! Register with your duo partner
today and show off your skills, today through May 6th. If you didn’t unlock the rewards from winning our previous Gunfight Tournament, no worries – you’re still able 
to catch up and win them and this week’s rewards by winning your way through the bracket twice. Gunfight Tournament prizes are queued so players will never miss out 
on a reward!

The new 6v6 Diesel 24/7 playlist is also live this week, offering a Moshpit of 6v6 TDM, Domination, Kill Confirmed, and Hardpoint on one of Season Three’s new maps! J
ump into core matches from the Featured Playlist menu, or jump into Hardcore Diesel 24/7 in Quick Play. Sticks and Stones also continues this week, and Face-Off returns 
to Core and Hardcore with 3v3 action on Diesel as well.

We’ve also added Ping information while searching for a match, as well as new fixes for Multiplayer Challenges, stability improvements in Outbreak and “Firebase Z” 
in Zombies, and an update for the Swiss K31’s aim assist in Zombies. Here’s what’s new in our latest update:

### MULTIPLAYER
#### UI
- Added Ping information while searching for a match.

#### Challenges
- Progress for Multiplayer Challenges, Daily Challenges, and Season Challenges are now retained when players quit Multiplayer matches.
- Addressed an issue where kills near a deployed Trophy System were not counting toward progress for the "Prepare and Survive" Season Challenge.
 
#### Featured Playlists
- Gunfight Tournament [NEW]
  - New week of Gunfight Tournaments now available through May 6 with exclusive rewards.
- Diesel 24/7 [NEW] (also available in Hardcore)
  - 6v6 Moshpit of Team Deathmatch, Domination, Kill Confirmed, and Hardpoint on Diesel.
- Sticks and Stones
- Snipers Only Moshpit
- Nuketown 24/7 (also available in Hardcore)
- Gunfight
- Face Off (also available in Hardcore)
- Multi-Team Moshpit

### ZOMBIES
#### Weapons
- Addressed an issue that prevented the Swiss K31's aim assist from functioning properly, which also affected Deadshot Daiquiri.

#### Outbreak
- Added a stability fix related to enemy spawns.
- Added a stability fix related to the Phase Rift feature.
 
#### Firebase Z
- Added a stability fix related to Trials.

#### Featured Playlists
- Outbreak
- Firebase Z
- Die Maschine
- Dead Ops Arcade: First Person
- Dead Ops Arcade
- Onslaught (PlayStation)
- Onslaught Containment (PlayStation)
- Onslaught Nuketown (PlayStation)
- Onslaught Yamantau (PlayStation)
